.\" ovirt-hosted-engine-setup - Tool for deploying hosted engine VM
.TH "OVIRT-HOSTED-ENGINE-SETUP" "8" "2013-09-06" "oVirt" "oVirt Hosted Engine Setup Manual"
.SH "NAME"
ovirt\-hosted\-engine\-setup \- Tool for deploying hosted engine VM
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBovirt\-hosted\-engine\-setup\fP [options] [--ansible|--noansible]
.PP
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The \fBovirt\-hosted\-engine\-setup\fP command deploys a virtual machine that
you can install oVirt Open Virtualization Manager on to.
The Manager installation on your hosted-engine virtual machine can manage
the host it is running on.
\&

.SH "OPTIONS"
The following are general options you can use with this command:\&
.IP "\fB\-\-help\fP"
Show the help message and exit.\&
.IP "\fB\-\-config-append=file\fP"
Load extra configuration files. The format of the files is the same used in
generated answer files.
\&
.IP "\fB\-\-restore\-from\-file=file\fP"
Restore an engine backup file during the deployment.
\&
.IP "\fB\-\-4\fP"
Force IPv4 on dual stack env.
\&
.IP "\fB\-\-6\fP"
Force IPv6 on dual stack env.
\&
.IP "\fB\-\-generate-answer=file\fP"
Generate answer file to the specified path instead of using the default
location: /etc/ovirt-hosted-engine/answers.conf
\&

.SH "FILES"
.TP
.I /etc/ovirt-hosted-engine/answers.conf
Default location for generated answer file. The file must be used on
additional hosts using the option --config-append

.SH "EXAMPLE"
This is an answers.conf example file:
.PP
.nf
.in +4n
[environment:default]
OVEHOSTED_NETWORK/bridgeIf=none:None
OVEHOSTED_NETWORK/fqdn=str:ovirt.home
OVEHOSTED_NETWORK/bridgeName=str:ovirtmgmt
OVEHOSTED_NETWORK/firewallManager=str:firewalld
OVEHOSTED_NETWORK/gateway=str:192.168.1.1
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/storageDatacenterName=str:hosted_datacenter
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/storageDomainName=str:hosted_storage
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/hostID=int:1
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/storageType=none:None
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/volUUID=str:272b4067-1ae4-4755-b2e3-96bb600006e7
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/domainType=str:nfs3
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/imgSizeGB=str:25
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/storageDomainConnection=str:server.home:/home/images
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/connectionUUID=str:ca50f16a-23ab-465c-914b-b132f07a7151
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/spUUID=str:8018650a-4c64-48fb-a98e-5602bba3086e
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/imgUUID=str:c7d69e7a-d934-423c-93d6-ca45c5882806
OVEHOSTED_STORAGE/sdUUID=str:1d6f6bca-467e-4890-b220-dd2d9b204ab5
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmVCpus=str:2
OVEHOSTED_VDSM/consoleType=str:vnc
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmBoot=str:pxe
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmMemSizeMB=str:4096
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmUUID=str:ab35151c-7661-475e-aeaf-adc6fb45e399
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmMACAddr=str:00:16:3e:1b:d7:61
OVEHOSTED_VM/vmCDRom=none:None
OVEHOSTED_VM/ovfArchive=none:None
OVEHOSTED_VDSM/spicePkiSubject=str:O=home, CN=server.home
OVEHOSTED_VDSM/pkiSubject=str:/C=EN/L=Test/O=Test/CN=Test
.in
.fi

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR hosted\-engine (8)
